Core app with material ui (#1637)
SAP/luigi: docs/advanced-scenarios.md

You might want to have a look at our [example using React and Material-UI](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-core-material-ui), which is based on this guide.

In general, it consists of:

- Reading configuration data with [`Luigi.getConfigValue('navigation.profile')`](luigi-core-api.md#getconfigvalue) or [`Luigi.getConfigValueAsync('navigation.profile.items')`](luigi-core-api.md#getconfigvalueasync)
- Listening to events like [`Luigi.navigation().addEventListener('topNav', (data) => {})`](luigi-core-api.md#addeventlistener)
- Using this data to build and update navigation trees

Be aware this is only a MVP with navigation and a simple profile, currently also only a limited amount of events are available publicly from Core. Please get in touch with us, if you want to build a Core app from scratch. We are happy to get to know what you are creating and give support by exposing required events.

#### Implementation Steps

- Create a base application which will be used for building the interface. It should not contain any routers, since the routing will be handled by Luigi. In this example we have specified a layout which consists of top and left navigation.

> - Inject `@luigi-project/core` to the `index.html` or the application itself, to be able to use `window.Luigi` later. See our [eample index.html:32](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-core-material-ui/public/index.html#L32). Additionally add a container which will be used to render Luigi iframes, it should not interfer with our application: [`<div luigi-app-root></div>`](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-core-material-ui/public/index.html#L38). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inject `@luigi-project/core` to the `index.html` or the application itself, to be able to use `window.Luigi` later. See our [example index.html:32](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-core-material-ui/public/index.html#L32). Additionally, add a container which will be used to render Luigi iframes; it should not interfere with our application: [`<div luigi-app-root></div>`](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-core-material-ui/public/index.html#L38). 
```

- Create a Luigi configuration. We have used webpack to compile the configuration which can be found in `src/luigi-config/`. It gets built by running `npm run config`.

> - Add CSS styling to position the view container of Luigi
> Specify the left navigation width and position and style the view container. We additionally add a `.spinnerContainer` which is the view loading indicator backdrop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add CSS styling to position the view container of Luigi.
Specify the left navigation width and position, and style the view container. We additionally add a `.spinnerContainer`, which is the view loading indicator backdrop:
```

```css
:root {
  --luigi__left-sidenav--width: 256px;
}
.iframeContainer,
.spinnerContainer {
  position: absolute;
  top: $topNavHeight;
  left: var(--luigi__left-sidenav--width);
  bottom: 0;
  right: 0;
  width: auto;
  min-width: auto;
  min-height: auto;
  display: block;
}
.iframeContainer {
  overflow: auto;
  -webkit-overflow-scrolling: touch;
}
.iframeContainer iframe {
  border: none;
  width: 100%;
  height: 100%;
  overflow: hidden;
  margin-bottom: -5px;
}
.spinnerContainer {
  background: rgba(243, 244, 245, 0.8);
  display: flex;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: center;
}
```

> If you are intend to use the tab navigation, it makes sense to specify also the new top view container positioning `.iframeContainerTabNav`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intend to use [tab navigation](navigation-advanced.md#tab-navigation), it also makes sense to specify the new top view container positioning `.iframeContainerTabNav`:
```

```css
.iframeContainerTabNav {
  top: calc(#{$topNavHeight} + #{$topNavHeightTab}); // header navigation height PLUS tab navigation height
}
```
In case you are missing more styles and want to have a look at our Luigi code base, take a look at [App.html:1380](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/blob/master/core/src/App.html#L1380)

- Retrieving Luigi events for navigation updates: 
Each Luigi router update triggers a rebuild of the navigation elements, which you can receive through `Luigi.navigation().addEventListener('topNav')` or its complementary values `leftNav`, `tabNav`, also further events like `routeChanged` or `userInfo` can be received. Show the full list of [navigation events](luigi-core-api.md#addeventlistener).

Example: 
```javascript
const id = Luigi.navigation().addEventListener('topNav', data => setTopNavData(data));
window.onbeforeunload = () => Luigi.navigation().removeEventListener(id); // apply also on component destroy
```

> - Build your navigation based on the data received through the events
> Based on the `data` received above, use `data.topNavData` to build the navigation items, apply category logic, or anything else you want to see implemented. To utilize navigation, use a function that handles navigation clicks. See our [Header.js:38 and :66](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-core-material-ui/src/components/Header.js#L38)
> 
> Example:
> ```javascript
> // template
> <a class="nav-link" onClick="navigateTo(node.pathSegment)">{node.label}</a>
> 
> // navigation component
> function navigateTo(pathSegment) {
>   // for top nav
>   Luigi.navigation().navigate(`/${pathSegment}`);
>   // possible usecase on side nav, if each top nav node with children has a `navigationContext` defined
>   Luigi.navigation().fromClosestContext().navigate(pathSegment);
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ``````suggestion

- Build your navigation based on the data received through the events.
Based on the `data` received above, use `data.topNavData` to build the navigation items, apply category logic, or anything else you want to implement. To utilize navigation, use a function that handles navigation clicks. See our [Header.js:38 and :66](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-core-material-ui/src/components/Header.js#L38)

  - Example:
    ```javascript
    // template
    <a class="nav-link" onClick="navigateTo(node.pathSegment)">{node.label}</a>

    // navigation component
    function navigateTo(pathSegment) {
    // for top nav
    Luigi.navigation().navigate(`/${pathSegment}`);
    // possible usecase on side nav, if each top nav node with children has a `navigationContext` defined
    Luigi.navigation().fromClosestContext().navigate(pathSegment);
    }
    ```
``````

> - Build a Profile navigation
> In our example we have specified the static profile in [luigi-config/navigation.js:67](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-core-material-ui/src/luigi-config/navigation.js:67) and use the name, email and picture received from the event listener above in combination with `Luigi.getConfigValue('navigation.profile')` to build the [ProfileMenu.js:54-130](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-core-material-ui/src/components/ProfileMenu.js#L54).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Build a Profile navigation.
In our example, we have the static profile in [luigi-config/navigation.js:67](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-core-material-ui/src/luigi-config/navigation.js:67) and use the name, email and picture received from the event listener above in combination with `Luigi.getConfigValue('navigation.profile')` to build the [ProfileMenu.js:54-130](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/master/core/examples/luigi-core-material-ui/src/components/ProfileMenu.js#L54).
```
